Update README (#4898)
LiskHQ/lisk-desktop: docs/REACT_GUIDE.md

# React Components Guidelines

## Functional VS Class components

Use functional components instead of class components.

## What is the folder/file structure of components?

Each component folder contains at least an `index.js` file.

> If the component gets bigger than 200 lines, it should be split into multiple components that should reside in the same folder (if used only from this one component).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the component becomes larger than 200 lines, it should be split into multiple components that should reside in the same folder (if used only from this one component).
```
